[Applause]
did Cory the senator me chance the
rapper we actually had a connection I
feel like I know him already I've
listened to his album so so much you're
like an actual big fan not one of those
pretend politicians trying to be no
coloring book hat in fact it became one
of the big songs for the campaign a
number of the songs and it's something I
play because he's got a very soulfulness
about him he's a man of deep faith and
that really speaks to me a song
blessings I must have played it over and
over as a kid what's the first concert
you ever went to with my parents were
without my parents it's okay whatever
you whatever so uh not without my
parents the first permission I ever
asked was to go see Lionel Richie that's
without your parent that was without my
parent I won't worry it I was a
sophomore in high school but I went to
see Lionel Richie and I was a sophomore
in high school with my mother because
she was the only one who would go with
me hi I'm sorry but my parents were
really interested in exposing me as much
as I could growing up to you know the
best of black culture and I still
remember seeing The Wiz for the first
time right they're still a part of the
soundtrack of my life but my my parents
also took me to see things that were I
believe in retrospect maybe a little
inappropriate like what by going to see
Richard Pryor in grade school was
probable yeah what year is this what are
we it's definitely probably the eighth
the early eighty
and you would do a Richard Pryor like a
real show um you know my father was a
trailblazer both my parents were my
father was a first african-american
hired by IBM in the entire Washington DC
area as a salesman and and I would see
him come home at night from you know
work and just need to unwind so he would
put on jazz he would put on gospel but
he would also play a great comedians
Redd Foxx and how those Redd Foxx albums
are absolutely filthy and you unless you
know what they had a way of talking
about race about reality and humor can
heal it could challenge you it could
take things and
turn them upside down and actually
expose new perspectives and
understanding so my brother and I used
to sneak into the corner and listen to
the albums not letting my dad know we
were listening it's interesting because
you like at the debate the other night
you said dang nabbit twice yeah and
apparently Richard Pryor didn't sink in
was even like Joe Biden we'd be like all
this guy's old yeah I was sort of like
the opposite of my father my father was
the love the drink and party and was a
great guy that was this boring
straight-laced sort of a belt I I
rebelled in the opposite of my dad and
interest as a football player look I was
a high school all-american football
player the older I get better I was of
course but uh but and and I would get
teased by my teammates that I would like
knocked the snot out of somebody between
the whistles and then I would help them
up and you know help him back you know
to get their consciousness so I was
taught I was you play hard but you never
lose that spirit of kindness concussions
okay profanity not know by the rules
speaking of the rules and knocking the
snot out of people debate the other
night I think he did very well in the
debate I thought it was a good debate I
think people talked about real things
for one I think ABC did a phenomenal job
they should get a lot ready I think so
too how they handled it they didn't try
to keep just pitting people against each
other they tried to explore ideas I was
curious and I was wondering this when I
was watching what goes on during the
commercial break so do you guys talk to
each other is everyone racing to the
bathroom what happened I for the first
time had a race to the bathroom you know
I'd knock Castro over and then will you
be like up at the urinal with light like
next uh like Beto or something well
first of all when Bernie goes the
bathroom nobody goes
[Laughter]
[Applause]
and then is it you talk afterwards is
there a discussion you know I wish
America could see that no we all of us
Democrats know that the differences
between us are small compared to the
gulf between us and the person that's in
the White House and there's there's a
collegiality and some of my closest
friends in politics have been on the
stage with me from Kirstin Kamala to
Castro's a dear friend so it there it we
look differences matter in this debate
but at the same time we all feel that
this is a moral moment in our country
and our feelings ever heard afterwards
after a debate not yet the sense
especially between people who are
colleagues yeah yeah you have to ask
other people for me not at all I
honestly it's it's your I came up
through the toughest politics you can
imagine it was a you know I beat a
political machine Jersey yeah right
there's a politics machine politics you
know that then the documentary I
mentioned called street fight which
really captured the thuggery the
violence I had tires on my cars a
slashed window smash my phones were
tapped at one point I came up through a
really rough politics where it was
dangerous physically and you live in a
you live in a humble neighborhood
currently in inure ok I I am where I am
today because after my parents in 1969
literally being denied the ability to
buy a house in the community I grew up
in we had to get a white couple to pose
as us and I was raised by these parents
who were unflinching unequivocal talk
about talking about hatred and bigotry
and all of that but what they also
talked to me about was the people in
this case a lot of white folks who went
out of their way to to do this scheme
where they post as my parents ultimately
for the house that we I grew up in they
they they always showed it that this is
not what defines us what defines us is
not the hate in the bigotry it's how we
choose to respond to it and so my
parents raised me to be someone who
recognizes that everything that I have
was paid for by folks who served who
sacrificed who were there and that
should be your career and so the first
chance I got in law school I said I'm
gonna find the toughest
neighborhood I can find in city I love
Newark New Jersey and moved into an
inner-city neighborhood and began as a
tenants rights organizer other people
fought for my housing rights I got to
work fighting for people's housing right
is it true that the primary reason that
you're running for president is to give
you an excuse to move out of Newark
[Laughter]
[Applause]
incredible city and we are we have this
defiance about us a defiant love for our
community we're showing America you know
now we have the number one school system
in America for beat the odds schools
high poverty high performance showing
this country no matter what zip code
you're born into every kid if they have
a great public school can thrive Newark
kids are setting that standard we took a
city that for sixty years was losing its
tax base and we turned it around not
only first time in six years we're
growing in population more people are
moving back but we're we're just setting
examples left and right and part of the
reason I got propelled to the Senate it
was because New Jerseyans recognized Wow
look at Newark it's becoming an engine
of economic opportunity and so I'm
running for president I'm proud to be
the only one in the Senate that lives in
a black and brown low-income community
below the poverty line but my neighbors
know that we've done things together we
created a supermarkets and food deserts
new housing new schools and so what
pumps me up about this is I believe that
there's no place in America where the
American dream can't thrive and I'm
running for president
yeah temporarily I'll go to live in
public housing in DC but then I'll go
back to my community because I want to
help you out because I feel like I feel
like I have a gift and that gift is
catch phrases so I've come up with some
merchandise I'm afraid and there's be a
fight staff has already put vote
dagnabbit on the meaning of this no guts
no glory I like that it's good right I
like that one
keep calm and chorion this is good for
lawns finding coring yeah don't be a
bore a vote for Corinne
okay this is a good one Corie Corie
hallelujah you know what a guy your age
I think you're really gonna like this
the neverending core Tuesdays with Corey
Corey Booker
he won't spend his whole presidency
tweeting lies from the toilet this is
the what I think really good this is
this is the one I think you should go
with good enough for rosario Dawson
senator Cory Booker everyone
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it